Update nextjs.mdx (#34587)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/auth/server-side/nextjs.mdx

<StepHikeCompact.Details title="Hook up middleware">

> Create a `middleware.ts` file at the root of your project, respectivelly in `.src/` if opted for it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a `middleware.ts` file at the root of your project, or inside the `./src` folder if you are using one.
```
